it was just a couple of hours before
midnight
some of the 2200 passengers of a large
luxurious ocean liner
were still partying in the beautiful
first class lounges
the rest were asleep in their beds some
of them in spacious cabins filled with
paintings and decorated with ornate
carvings
others in tiny rooms below sea level all
of these people had only one thing in
common
on that chilly april night all of them
were heading from southampton in england
to new york city the ship was called the
titanic
and at that time it was considered
unsinkable
at the very beginning of the journey the
liner nearly collided with the steamship
new york
luckily the titanic managed to pass by
the other vessel with several feet to
spare
a common sigh of relief escaped the
passengers crowding the liners decks
little did they know what was awaiting
them in the near future
several days later when the ship was
already in the north atlantic ocean
370 miles away from newfoundland the
unthinkable happened at about 11 40 p.m
on april 14th those who were still awake
were knocked over by some mysterious and
powerful force
passengers who were already in their
beds got catapulted to the floor
screams and total confusion months
before the disaster struck
a ginormous chunk of eyes had broken
away from a glacier in southwest
greenland
it was made of the snow that had fallen
about a hundred thousand years ago
when mammoths were still roaming the
planet when the iceberg just started its
journey
it was a huge thing almost 1700 feet
long
it also weighed 75 million tons
but then it floated much further to the
south than normal
right into the area the titanic had to
cross on its way to north america
even after melting into the water for
months the iceberg still weighed an
impressive one and a half million tons
its top part was towering over the water
for almost 100 feet
even so it looked harmless next to the
massive ocean liner
but only at first glance what people saw
was just a tiny part of a jumbo piece of
ice
the largest part of any iceberg is
hidden under the surface
with a mere one-tenth visible above the
water
the titanic iceberg wasn't an exception
the moment the ship collided with it the
vessel was doomed
unable to divert its course it crashed
into the ice
rupturing at least five of its hull
compartments they immediately started to
fill
with water which then flooded each
succeeding compartment
the front of the ship started to sink
this raised the back part
almost vertically into the air and then
with a deafening roar
the liner broke in half the rest is
history
but what if what we know about the
disaster is not true
what if the ship hadn't been wrecked by
an iceberg
what if it had been something more
treacherous and way more alive that sank
the titanic
far far beneath the surface in the
ocean's dim
dark depths a shadow lurks
imagine an enormous creature round flat
and full of arms or rather powerful
tentacles
it resembles a giant squid or octopus
but much much bigger
its descriptions go from as long as 10
ships to a mile and a half long rumor
has it unlucky sailors sometimes mistake
the sea monster for an
island but instead of stepping on dry
land
they're dragged down into the ocean
these people meet
the kraken a legendary creature feared
by everyone who sets off on a sea voyage
usually the kraken haunts the seas off
the coast of norway through
iceland and all the way to greenland who
knows what has brought the beast further
away from home
the waters of the north atlantic are
just as chilly and the creature feels
good
and curious once it notices the titanic
the ship has no chances to escape its
attention
it's dark that's why those on the ocean
liner don't notice the first alarm bells
the water around the ship starts to
bubble if you strain your ears
you can hear bizarre gurgling sounds if
you strain your eyes
you can see thousands of fish and
jellyfish rising to the surface
they feel something's up down below but
even if someone on the titanic noticed
this hectic activity
they wouldn't have time to get out of
the way of the horrifying beast
its enormous size and super long and
strong tentacles
turn it into a predator you can't escape
a nine-year-old boy standing on the deck
knows nothing about the sea monster
he's just watching countless small
islands rising out of the sea
very very slowly the kid doesn't
understand why
but all the blood in his body suddenly
runs cold
hundreds of tiny fish are leaping about
in the pools between these sand banks
but soon they roll off into the water
over the sides of the ginormous
something several sharp points appear
above the surface
the intrigue boy thinks they look like
horns they keep growing
thicker and thicker the higher they rise
soon they're towering over the massive
titanic
dwarfing the ship these horns are the
kraken's dreaded arms
the boy is paralyzed by fear but then
he spots the monster's eye it's as big
as an elephant
it makes the kid come to his senses and
dash away
screaming like there's no tomorrow the
boy shouting attracts people
they gather along the ship's side trying
to spot what scared the child so much
and then they see first one
then more and more passengers and crew
members lean over the railing to get a
better look
they aren't being careless they're just
in shock
indeed it's hard to believe your eyes
when they tell you a dreaded beast is
about to attack the ship you're on
plus it's dark and no one can see
clearly what that huge
shadow is but the next several minutes
prove
it's not a mirage all of the sudden the
creature rises
one of its monstrous arms and stretches
it toward the
vessel it might very well be longer than
the liner's entire hull
women start screaming and fainting men
seem to be just as terrified
those who have managed to keep their
heads clear sweep up kids and run for
shelter
that's when the first powerful hit
shakes the vessel
the krakens had enough waiting it's
ready for action
panic engulfs people on board the
titanic
running around aimlessly and screaming
they create
chaos that makes the beast even more
interested
normally the monster just wants to be
left alone it rests deep down on the
ocean floor
using its long tentacles to tether
itself to the bottom
and lazily hunt for food it only rises
to the surface when the weather's
unusually warm
or when it gets disturbed the titanic is
probably too massive and loud
it draws the creature out of its slumber
when the beast gets to the surface and
sees a large glistening boat
wow the thing mesmerizes the creature
it holds out one of its tentacles to
touch the unusual construction
the material is hard and the beast
wonders if the thing will break when
squeezed
without wasting much time it wraps
several arms around the ship and tries
to squish it
tiny creatures fussing around falling
overboard and making annoying
high-pitched noises
start to irritate the crack it's getting
angry
easing its grip the monster circles the
titanic several times
getting ready for the next attack this
time the strike is much stronger
it bends the metal and makes it brittle
one more movement of a death tentacle
and the ship starts to fill with water
the kraken retreats
as if to enjoy the results of its
efforts but then
it notices the ship trying to speed up
in futile attempts to put some distance
between
itself and the monster people on board
the titanic heave a sigh of relief
the beast is nowhere in sight little do
they know that the kraken never lets its
toys get away
the ship is beginning to slow down its
rear part is slowly lifting up
and the front is going down underwater
passengers and crew members are falling
over onto the decks
most of them are too scared to make a
sound that's why everything's happening
in
almost complete eerie silence
until the ship breaks into two parts
under its own weight
the crash is so powerful that it scares
away even the kraken
spooked the beast dives back into the
ocean
which creates a massive boiling
whirlpool in that spot
the suction is dragging what's left of
the titanic to the depths of the ocean
the most tragic thing here though the
kraken isn't even interested in people
on board the ship
this creature is content to munch on
fish it doesn't need bigger prey
it's the animal's curiosity that's now
pulling the huge ship
down to the bottom does the majestic
liner have any hope
i think you know the answer